# Person name test data for: de
#
# Test lines have the following structure:
#
# name ; <field> ; <value>
#   A sequence of these is to be used to build a person name object with the given field values.
#
# expectedResult; <value>
#   This line follows a sequence of name lines, and indicates the that all the following parameter lines have this expected value.
#
# parameters; <order>; <length>; <usage>; <formality>
#   Each of these parameters should be tested to see that when formatting the current name with these parameters produces the expected value.
#
# endName
#   Indicates the end of the values to be tested with the current name.
#
# =====
# Example:
#     name ; given; Iris
#     name ; surname; Falke
#
#     expectedResult; Falke, Iris
#
#     parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
#     parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
#
#     endName
#
#     name ; given; Max
#     name ; given2; Ben
#     name ; surname; Mustermann
#     â€¦
#

name ; given; Lena

expectedResult; Lena

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; L

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

endName

name ; given; Iris
name ; surname; Falke

expectedResult; Falke, Iris

parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Iris Falke

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Falke, I.

parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; I. Falke

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; Iris F.

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Falke

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal

expectedResult; Iris

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal

expectedResult; FI

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; IF

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; F

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal

expectedResult; I

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

endName

name ; given; Max
name ; given2; Ben
name ; surname; Mustermann

expectedResult; Mustermann, Max Ben

parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Max Ben Mustermann

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Mustermann, Max B.

parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Max B. Mustermann

parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Mustermann, M. B.

parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; M. B. Mustermann

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; Mustermann, Max

parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Max Mustermann

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Mustermann, M.

parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Mustermann

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal

expectedResult; Max M.

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Max

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal

expectedResult; MBM

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; MMB

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; MM

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; M

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

endName

name ; title; Dr.
name ; given; Paul
name ; given-informal; Pauli
name ; given2; Vinzent
name ; surname-prefix; von
name ; surname-core; Fischer
name ; generation; jr.
name ; credentials; MdB

expectedResult; von Fischer, Dr. Paul Vinzent jr. MdB

parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Dr. Paul Vinzent von Fischer jr. MdB

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; von Fischer, Paul V. jr. MdB

parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Paul V. von Fischer jr. MdB

parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Fischer, Paul Vinzent von

parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Fischer, Paul V. von

parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Fischer, P. V. von

parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; von Fischer, P. V.

parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; von Fischer, Pauli

parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; P. V. von Fischer

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; Pauli von Fischer

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Dr. von Fischer

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal

expectedResult; von Fischer, P.

parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Pauli v. F.

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Pauli

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal

expectedResult; PVV

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; VPV

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; PV

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; VP

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; P

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

expectedResult; V

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal

endName

name ; given; TomÃ¡s

expectedResult; TomÃ¡s

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; T

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

endName

name ; given; AdÃ©laÃ¯de
name ; surname; LemaÃ®tre

expectedResult; LemaÃ®tre, AdÃ©laÃ¯de

parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; AdÃ©laÃ¯de LemaÃ®tre

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; LemaÃ®tre, A.

parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; A. LemaÃ®tre

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; AdÃ©laÃ¯de L.

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; AdÃ©laÃ¯de

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal

expectedResult; LemaÃ®tre

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal

expectedResult; AL

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; LA

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; A

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

expectedResult; L

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal

endName

name ; given; Kjetil
name ; given2; BjÃ¸rn
name ; surname; LÃ¸seth

expectedResult; LÃ¸seth, Kjetil BjÃ¸rn

parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Kjetil BjÃ¸rn LÃ¸seth

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; LÃ¸seth, Kjetil B.

parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Kjetil B. LÃ¸seth

parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; LÃ¸seth, Kjetil

parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Kjetil LÃ¸seth

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; LÃ¸seth, K. B.

parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; K. B. LÃ¸seth

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; LÃ¸seth, K.

parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Kjetil L.

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Kjetil

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal

expectedResult; LÃ¸seth

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal

expectedResult; KBL

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; LKB

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; KL

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; LK

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; K

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

expectedResult; L

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal

endName

name ; title; Prof. Dr.
name ; given; Anna Cornelia
name ; given-informal; Nele
name ; given2; Eva Sophia
name ; surname-prefix; van den
name ; surname-core; Wolf
name ; surname2; Becker Schmidt
name ; generation; jr.
name ; credentials; M.D. Ph.D.

expectedResult; van den Wolf, Prof. Dr. Anna Cornelia Eva Sophia jr. M.D. Ph.D.

parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Prof. Dr. Anna Cornelia Eva Sophia van den Wolf jr. M.D. Ph.D.

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; van den Wolf, Anna Cornelia E. S. jr. M.D. Ph.D.

parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Anna Cornelia E. S. van den Wolf jr. M.D. Ph.D.

parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; Wolf, Anna Cornelia Eva Sophia van den

parameters; sorting; long; referring; formal

expectedResult; Wolf, Anna Cornelia E. S. van den

parameters; sorting; medium; referring; formal

expectedResult; van den Wolf, A. C. E. S.

parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; Wolf, A. C. E. S. van den

parameters; sorting; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; A. C. E. S. van den Wolf

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; formal

expectedResult; Prof. Dr. van den Wolf

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; formal

expectedResult; van den Wolf, A. C.

parameters; surnameFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; van den Wolf, Nele

parameters; sorting; long; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; medium; referring; informal
parameters; sorting; short; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Nele van den Wolf

parameters; givenFirst; long; referring; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; referring; informal

expectedResult; Nele v. d. W.

parameters; givenFirst; short; referring; informal

expectedResult; Nele

parameters; givenFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; long; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; addressing; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; addressing; informal

expectedResult; AEV

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; VAE

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; formal

expectedResult; NV

parameters; givenFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; VN

parameters; surnameFirst; long; monogram; informal

expectedResult; N

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; informal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; informal

expectedResult; V

parameters; givenFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; givenFirst; short; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; medium; monogram; formal
parameters; surnameFirst; short; monogram; formal

endName
